LiveTraffic 3.2.0 with FMOD Sound Test Script

Verify in both X-Plane 11 and X-Plane 12.
(At the very least scenario 1. Startup...but the more the better)

1. Startup
Action: Start X-Plane with LiveTraffic 3.2.0 installed
Expected Result:
- LiveTraffic is available as a plugin in the Plugin menu
- LiveTraffic shows a kind of splash screen (actually: re-implemented message window)
  showing the FMOD logo when the first flight loads.

2. Sound
Action: Go to an airport with reasonable traffic (KLAX always works) and wait
        till LiveTraffic shows planes (can use Aircraft List to verify)
        Move around with camera (e.g. starting with Tower View [Shift-5],
        then [c] for free camera, then moving around with [q e r f , . Crsr]
Expected Result:
        Moving aircraft produce engine sound, the more power (take off, climb, cruis)
        the louder.
        Additionally, sound of tires rolling, flaps/gear extending retracting may be heard based on situation.

3. Different Sounds for different Engine Type
Action: Activate camera view for any flying plane (e.g. via the camera symbol of the Aircraft List)
        Try different aircraft with different engines types (jet, prop, heli...)
Expected Result:
        Camera view opens behind selected plane
        Engine is clearly audible, sound matches engine type
        No disturbing sound artifacts during the moment of camera switch from one plane to the other

4. Spacial Sound
Action: While still sitting on a plane's tail (camera view active as per scenario 3.)
        turn the camera left and right, e.g. using keys [q] and [e].
Expected Result:
        Engine sound should come from the right direction relative to camera orientation,
        more from the left side if camera turned clockwise and vice versa.

5. Master Volume
Action: While still sitting on a plane's tail (camera view active as per scenario 3.)
        go to LiveTraffic's Basic Settings.
        Adjust Master Volume.
        Change Master Volume all the way to 0%.
        Change it back to 100%
Expected Result:
        Sound volume of LiveTraffic's planes changes accordingly.
        All sound is off when Master Volume is 0%.
        Sound comes back when returning from 0% to 100% (or any positive value).

6. Doppler effect
Action: Identify a plane that sits still on the ground or is slowly taxiing
        along a steady path (e.g. towards active runway)
        With the camera, move steadily and ideally quickly ([Shift] plus above
        camera control keys accelerates camera movement) towards that plane
        and beyond the plane.
        Alterntively, you can try to speed towards a plane taking off
        or in-flight with a small plane like a Cessna.
Expected Result:
        Audible Doppler effect: Sound pitch is higher when moving towards plane,
        and pitch turns low when speeding away from plane.

7. Master Volume settings saved
Action: Adjust master volume to any setting that is _not_ 100%, say 80%
        Exit and restart X-Plane
        Go back to LiveTraffic's Settings
Expected Result:
        Master Volume setting is saved and restored to the selected value.

